Hello everyone and welcome to this lecture and this lecture.
We're going to walk you through the questions later to files operation.
OK and then we're going to go ahead and the next video and I want to walk you through the solutions.
Kind of detailed video explanations of all the solutions for these questions.
All right.
So the first question we have here is a mascot to read the failed fruits underscored input the text.
You guys will find that file in the course package.
So if you go here you will find that our text file OK.
It basically has kind of a bunch of a bunch of fruit names you know like Apple avocado banana whatever.
And you know it has a bunch of like you know some other stuff as well.
So it has maybe like exclamation mark here there's like a percentage sign and so on.
All right.
And what I'm asking you to do.
Let's minimize that is to read the file and print its content.
It's really simple question number two of asking to read the file as well and remove all the new lines.
So any new line I want you to remove and I wanted to remove as well.
Any special characters.
And then save the output file in fruits open the text OK.
All right.
And then question number three I'm asking you to do the same thing pretty much so read the file again
remove all the new lines move the special characters and remove any lines that does not represent the
fruit.
So in the beginning actually of the of here for example you'll find there is you know here is the list
of fruits here that is thought of list.
I wanted you guys to remove these two as well.
And I think at the end as well there is you know after this that it's like kind of many maybe an ending
statement.
I want you guys to remove it too.
So basically here what I want to do is only to see names of fruits.
All right.
So that will be the outcome that will be the output the expected output.
So simply clear everything just make it fruits and only fruits.
All right.
Question number four I'm asking you to read the file fruits underscore input the text and compare it
to the list of fruits in my fruits which is simply here.
I have a list.
We'll call it.
Let's actually include this one second.
So what we could do here.
I'm asking us to simply compare.
That's what we have here to compare this is a list of my fruit.
OK.
So is Apple pepper orange.
This is part of the questions about what I'm asking you to do is simply compare the all the elements
within the.
My fruits the text file and see if they're matching to this or not.
OK.
And just print the matching elements only.
All right so obviously peppers for example is not a fruit so it's not contained within their tomatoes
as well as not contained.
So I want you guys to kind of you know there is a little before loops that will be opening to the file
there'll be comparison and so on.
Question number five mascot try to code that takes an input from a user and store it in a new text file
separated by new lines.
So just enter whatever words and then get to save it in a new file.
You know I'm going to learn how to do appending for example how to append names to a file.
Question number six I'm asking you to read the CSB file as an S&P 500 underscore stock and the score
data the CSB and print out the heading.
And first five rows of data.
So if you guys go here you will find that this is the S&P 500 so it's simply showing you know interest
rates showing employment showing S&P price and what I'm asking you guys to do is to simply load that
CSP file.
So I'm asking best to read it to see as we file and printout the heading just the headings.
So I want you guys to print this.
Basically which has rates interest rates employment and S&P price and then I'm asking you guys to print
the first five rows of the data.
So just the first five rows that are contained within the sheet.
So something like this.
So that's the requirement.
That's what I wanted to print and then print the first five names first five elements.
Question number seven I'm asking you to write a code that takes several inputs from a user as long as
the user does not enter stop.
So simply here we can be kind of stuck in a loop in a way you know like asking you know what I want
a while loop you know asking to enter something you enter a word like hello world happy learning and
so on and save that data into our profile and then unless they use it enters top.
And that's where they code we're gonna stop going to exit basic close the file and Exit Question number
eight.
I'm asking theoretical that searches for all text files and work on your computer and print out all
the files in their path.
So something like this for example here is looking for files operation in protects fruits you know these
are all the files you know that are contained that the text mainly in my in my root directory.
Okay.
So please here there's a little bit of extensive research you would find that there is you need to do
is walk again if you guys get stuck in here don't worry about it.
The objective again is to free guys to maybe practice stretch your limits as much as you can.
Duke's in the research.
If not we're gonna have a detailed video explanation for this as well.
And then lecture question number nine I'm asking you to write a code that will search for images on
your computer and return a list of all images.
So here I am searching for J P G.
JP G M P G extension extensions for your for the images.
All right.
And by the end of the section you guys should be familiar with files operations.
Great job.
Best of luck and we'll see you guys in the next lecture.